dog_park.md, before:

# mammal class: 3 attributes, 3 methods
# two subclasses of mammals
# two instances each of animals
# more advanced class material

Welcome to the Python dog park! This exercise will give us more practice with classes, and also let us make some adorable digital dogs.

1. Make a Dog class that has attributes of name, age, favorite treat, and whether or not that instance of Dog is currently in the dog park. Dogs should also have a method that takes an integer as an argument, and prints "bark!" that many times.

    1. Each dog should also have a unique license number. Make a dictionary that acts as a dog database, and keeps track of license numbers, with the numbers as the key and the dog's name as the value

    1. Give your Dog class a static member that assigns "Canis" to the variable "genus"

1. Have a way keep track, by name, of which dogs are currently in the dog park, and how many dogs total are currently there

1. Make a class for Breed that inherets from Dog. In addition to all the Dog attributes and methods, Breed should have some attributes distinct to that breed, and a way to give each Breed instance a name. Breed should also have a method to print what kind of tricks that breed of dog is especially good at. 

1. Make at least three dogs using your Breed class! 

1. Print all the names and license numbers of the dogs in your database

1. Have each dog bark, introduce itself by name, tell us what breed it is and which tricks it's good at (print these out)

1. Print the genus of Dog

1. Print all the dogs that are currently in the dog park

1. Remove a dog from the dog park

1. Print all the dogs that are currently in the dog park again, to confirm that a dog has left

Commit message:

change Breed to neighborhood dog, for clarity

dog_park.md, after:

# Digital Dog Park

Welcome to the Python dog park! This exercise will give us more practice with classes, and also let us make some adorable digital dogs.

1. Make a Dog class that has an attribute of breed. Dogs should also have a method that takes an integer as an argument, and prints "bark!" that many times.

    1. Give your Dog class a static member that assigns "Canis" to the variable "genus"

1. Make a class called NeighborhoodDog that inherets from Dog. In addition to the Dog attribute and method, NeighborhoodDog should have attributes of name, age, favorite treat, and whether or not that instance of Dog is currently in the dog park. Give NeighborhoodDog methods to say what its attributes are. 

    1. Each dog should also have a unique license number. Make a dictionary that acts as a dog database, and keeps track of license numbers, with the numbers as the key and the dog's name as the value

    1. Have a way keep track, by name, of which neighborhood dogs are currently in the dog park, and how many dogs total are currently there

1. Make at least three dogs using your NeighborhoodDog class! 

1. Print all the names and license numbers of the neighborhood dogs in your database

1. Have each dog bark, introduce itself by name, tell us what breed it is and which treats it likes (print these out)

1. Print the genus of Dog

1. Print all the dogs that are currently in the dog park

1. Remove a dog from the dog park

1. Print all the dogs that are currently in the dog park again, to confirm that a dog has left
